Network Marketing Secrets - 1

Russell Brunson

Legal Disclaimer And Terms Of Use
This book is for research purposes only. All of the webpages and advertising is copyrighted by
the original owners. You may borrow the ‘ideas’ in these ads and pages, but you may NOT use any
of the actual advertising copy or designs.
You do not have resell rights or giveaway rights to any portion of this Publication. Only
customers that have purchased this publication are authorized to view it. This publication
contains material protected under International and Federal Copyright Laws and Treaties. No
part of this publication may be transmitted or reproduced in any way without the prior written
permission of the author. Violations of this copyright will be enforced to the full extent of the law.
The information services and resources provided in this book are based upon the current
internet marketing environment. The techniques presented have been extraordinarily lucrative
and rewarding. Because the internet is constantly changing, the sites and services presented
in this book may change, cease or expand with time. We hope that the skills and knowledge
acquired from this course will provide you with the ability to adapt to inevitable internet
evolution. However, we cannot be held responsible for changes that may affect the applicability
of these techniques.
Any earnings, income statements or other results, are based on our own testing and are only
estimates of what we think you could earn. There is no assurance you will do as well as stated in any
examples. If you rely upon any figures provided, you must accept the entire risk of not doing as well
as the information provided.
Screenshots in this book are from publicly accessible field archives. All product names, logos
and artwork are copyrights of their respective owners. None of the owners have sponsored or
endorsed this publication. While all attempts have been made to verify information provided, the
author assumes no responsibility for errors, omissions, or contrary interpretation on the subject
matter herein. Any perceived slights of peoples or organizations are unintentional. The purchaser
or reader of this publication assumes responsibility for the use of these materials and information.
No guarantees of income are made. The author reserves the right to make changes and assumes no
responsibility or liability whatsoever on behalf of any purchaser or reader of these materials.

Table of Contents
Introduction

1

Section 1: The 3 Lost Funnels

5

Secret 1: The Evolution of the Network
Marketing Funnel

5

Secret 2: The 3 Lost Funnels

15

Secret 3: Your 2 Dream Clients

24

Section 2: The Viral Loop

31

Secret 4: The Epiphany Bridge: How to
Sell Without Selling

31

Secret 5: The Demo

38

Secret 6: The Call to Action (CTA)

41

Secret 7: The Ultimate Network
Marketing Secret: Duplication
Section 3: Digging In: The 3 Lost Funnels

43
51

Secret 8: Digging Into the Mechanics
of the 3 Lost Funnels
Network Marketing Secrets - i

51

Secret 9: Digging Into the Bridge Funnel

55

Secret 10: Digging Into the Home Party Funnel

59

Secret 11: Digging Into the Hotel Meeting
Funnel

66

Section #4: What To Do Next

72

Secret 12: How To Get Started Right Now!

72

Secret 13: How To Fill Your Funnel

73

Network Marketing Secrets - ii

Introduction
I ran home from school, bursting through the door. I was 13
or 14 years old at the time, and saw the package sitting there on
the kitchen counter. I can still remember the butterflies in my
stomach when I saw that cassette tape sitting on top of a pile of
junk mail. I grabbed it, ran to my room, and tore it open.
A combination of fear and excitement and nervousness set
in. It’s the same feeling you get at the top of a roller coaster
when you peek over the edge just before a giant drop. It was
exhilarating and frightening all
at the same time.
Unlike most teens, I had this
strange habit of collecting junk
mail for business opportunities.
It started after I found a
magazine and called every
1-800 number I could find. I
wanted their “free information.”
Within weeks, I was getting 10
to 20 letters a day from people
offering me the latest get-richNetwork Marketing Secrets - 1

quick schemes. It was awesome.
But this cassette tape was different. It wasn’t like the others.
It was special. I plugged the tape into my Walkman and started
listening. The voice on the other end was a man talking about
a product that he knew would change the world. He spoke
with so much passion and conviction, it made me believe every
word he said.
After talking about the product for almost an hour, he
mentioned a new opportunity. He explained how it worked, and
how I could make money by sharing this message with others.
Unfortunately for me, as a 14 year old, I didn’t have a credit card,
and I couldn’t convince my parents to listen to the tape. And so my
first journey into network marketing ended before it even started.
But still, I remember that feeling.
Over the next 23 years of my life, I had all sorts of network
marketing experiences. I built companies as a distributor, I was a
top money earner, and I cofounded a highly successful network
marketing company.
I’ve watched as companies have come and gone.
I’ve seen new entrepreneurs get started and succeed at
mind-boggling levels while others go out of business without
making a dime.
I’ve also watched people who were extremely successful at
growing their companies offline fail horribly when they tried to
make the transition into the online world.
As one of the founders of the software company ClickFunnels,
the #1 question I get almost every day is...
Network Marketing Secrets - 2

“Can I use sales funnels
to grow my network
marketing company?”
I always smile at this question, because 99% of ALL network
marketing companies were built using the SAME THREE
FUNNELS (offline).
Yet for some crazy reason, when people start doing business
online, they completely forget how these three funnels have
worked for them and all the leaders in their companies.
Instead, they jump online and try out whatever fad is new
and exciting at the time, and completely forget the CORE
STRATEGY, the core FUNNELS that have brought them success
up to that point.
This article will take you behind the scenes of the three
funnels that have built 99% of ALL successful network marketing
companies, and show you how to replicate them online with
simple sales funnels. You’ll be able to plug your network marketing
opportunity into these funnels within just a few minutes.
I’ll also tell you the one step that everyone forgets. Miss this
step and your funnels will never gain the momentum you need to
be a top earner.

Ready? Good. Me too!
Network Marketing Secrets - 3

Section #1

THE THREE
LOST
FUNNELS

Secret One: The
Evolution of the Network
Marketing Funnel

Network Marketing Secrets - 5

Before I explain the three lost funnels and how they work,
I first want to walk you through the journey that most new
distributors go through when they join any new network
marketing opportunity. My guess is that as you read through
these steps, you’ll probably identify phases you’ve already been
in, or ones you are in now.
It’s interesting, because almost everyone who has asked
me, “Can I use sales funnels to grow my network marketing
company?” is stuck in one of these phases, yet those who use the
three funnels (both offline and online) actually bypass all of them.
The goal ISN’T to get through the phases, it’s to step
outside the phases and build your empire on a completely
different foundation (which I’ll show you in the next chapter).
So sit back, relax, grab some popcorn, and let's go on this
quick journey together.

Network Marketing Secrets - 6

Phase #1: The NFL Club

After joining your first network marketing company, the first
thing you are told is to talk to your friends and family about the
products and the opportunity you have. The problem is that if
your family members—the people you respect the most—don’t
sign up, or if they talk negatively about the opportunity you’re
offering them, it can be devastating. In fact, a huge percentage
of people drop out almost immediately after talking to loved
ones first.
Even if you make it past this first round and your family
supports you, eventually the exhaustion factor kicks in. You run
out of people and friends to sell to. And if you try to sell to the
Network Marketing Secrets - 7

same group of people again and again, they get exhausted by
you and your message. Eventually, they avoid you completely.
When this happens, you get inducted into a group we like to call
the NFL (No Friends Left) Club.
Social media has made our networks a bit larger, but it’s still
a finite pool of people. After posting a few selfies with your new
product or asking them to message you if they are ready to quit
their jobs or lose weight, you’ll quickly find that you’re fishing in
a pond that usually isn’t too interested in what you’re selling.
And that is why growing through friends and family is so hard.
Because instead of going OUTSIDE their network to scale, a lot of
people just beat down the same doors again and again as they
watch their response rates get lower and lower with each post.
And well... it’s because they don’t know what else to do.

Network Marketing Secrets - 8

Phase #2: The
Anti-Sales Department

The second phase usually starts as soon as the first phase is
ending. With the few interested family and friend responses you
have, when they are ready to buy, you send them to what we call
the “anti-sales department,” or your company’s corporate website.
Most of the websites look beautiful, but they are not set up to get
people to actually buy something. They are bad at converting your
visitors into customers. Scratch that... they just suck.
Most good network marketers can sell any product really well.
Even if you can get your mom or your aunt or uncle to fall in love
with the product, and even if you’ve set up the sale perfectly,
Network Marketing Secrets - 9

you have to send them to the company to actually buy, and the
shopping cart often confuses them with a horrible and outdated
buying experience.
The site may have too many options, an outdated shopping
cart, and no understanding of cart value or conversion rates. These
company websites aren’t able to keep the emotional connection
to the buyer that you started. And on and on it continues.
Imagine you’re out at a party and there’s a woman you
REALLY want to ask out to dinner. You go up to her and you’re
so smooth and it’s awesome and you’re ready to take down her
number. But right at that moment, you have to stop and say,

“Okay, before I take down your number,
I’m going to hand you off to my
Grandpa, who doesn’t know how to use
a cell phone, loves to tell you all kinds
of stories with completely unimportant
details, and has really bad breath. But
it’s okay. He’ll get your information.”

Even if she wanted to go out with you, she probably won’t
because you handed her off to Grandpa.
Buzzkill. Lost date. Better luck next time.
That’s what it's like to send interested buyers to corporate
Network Marketing Secrets - 10

company websites. These sites are built by lawyers, not marketers,
so they do the OPPOSITE of what you want. They actually repel
people and push them away instead of hooking them in.

Phase #3:
The Clone Wars

The third phase sneaks up on you, usually about the time
you’re ready to go outside your network and look for new
people to sell to. You’re squarely in the NFL Club, and you know
that if you don’t go after people outside your network, this
opportunity will be over.
That’s when you enter... The Clone Wars.
Network Marketing Secrets - 11

At this stage, you’re diving into internet marketing to find
your leads, drive traffic, and make sales. But then... a realization.
Although your company’s owners are bragging about their
numbers, they are giving everyone in their 300,000+ member
network marketing company the exact same template and
products and instructions for how to sell.
They are creating MASSIVE competition for you.
Statistics show that 98% of businesses fail, and that’s when
they are selling unique products and in a space without
thousands of identical competitors. Imagine the statistics if
everyone were selling the same thing in the same way as a
million other people.
When 300,000 team members using the SAME template with
NO variation whatsoever, and those 300,000 people all try to run
the same ad and social media campaigns, what happens? People
get used to it and start to tune you out. Instead of it grabbing
people’s attention, it just becomes an expected pattern to
ignore.
In order to succeed online, you need to always keep the
concept of Pattern Interrupt in your mind. This means doing
things differently, keeping your audience excited, building and
customizing your own funnels that interrupt their daily patterns.
People who escape Phase #3 realize that funnels and internet
marketing strategies are so important, and implementing the
company’s massive cookie-cutter plan is not that effective.

Network Marketing Secrets - 12

Phase #4: The Homeless
Man With a Ferrari

Not everyone gets to the fourth phase. In fact, most network
marketers can’t get out of the earlier phases to even experience
this one. So I’ll tell you what happens.
Phase #4 is when you make enough money selling the
product that you start to think this actually might be a profitable
venture. But then you’re hit with the “homeless man with a
Ferrari” problem.
After a bunch of failed tries in multilevel marketing, I took
another opportunity and used everything I was learning about
funnels and internet marketing, and it seemed I had finally cracked
Network Marketing Secrets - 13

the code. Within just 90 days, I had sold enough product to win a
Ferrari through the network marketing company I was promoting!
There was just one problem. Within a year, my commission
checks had gone down to almost zero. Can you believe it? I had
become the homeless man, with no money but a really sweet car.
Okay, okay, I wasn’t actually homeless. But if this had been
my only stream of income, I would have been! Why had this
happened?
I failed to understand one of the core foundations to network
marketing: Duplication. My leads didn’t know how to create and
sell to their own leads as well.
I had won a sales contest and a car, but hadn’t built any longterm plan for residual income with a downline.
Network Marketing Secrets - 14

I began to really study this concept, along with funnels,
because I could tell these two parts were the key to it all.

Escape the Phases
With Funnels!
Going back to the roots of how network marketers grow,
there is a reason some people are SO successful at network
marketing and bypassing all these phases I just talked about.
They aren’t selling to friends and family every day. They aren’t
spamming social media. They don’t rely on cookie-cutter cloned
templates and the anti-sales department to finish the sale. They
don’t forget about the important of Duplication and residual
income through a downline.
The ones who are growing use three core funnels, and that’s
what we’re going to talk about next.

Secret Two:
The Three Lost Funnels
Funnels are not hard (don’t let anyone tell you otherwise),
and they are not magic. In fact, all the top earners online were
using funnels in their business... in real life. They simply took
what worked so well offline then replicated it online!
Funnels are not new, they are not magic, and we’re not
Network Marketing Secrets - 15

reinventing the wheel.
We’re not going to deviate from what already works and has
been proven in the real world. We’re simply taking the process
and making an online version of it. You see so many people
trying all these fancy tactics and spammy offers—this is not that.
The three funnels online repeat the same proven concepts
that have worked in network marketing for decades.
The online funnels mimic the effectiveness of real-life selling.
They create an automated system where we can get leads to
come to us, we can sell to them, and most importantly, we can
Duplicate!
In order to build these funnels quickly, let’s identify the selling
process that happens in real life so you can see how to make it
work inside a funnel.
Network Marketing Secrets - 16

Lost Funnel #1: The Bridge
(aka Three-Way Calls)

When you study those who have built great teams, you see
they understand that when they first bring someone onto their
team, that is when they are most vulnerable. They know the least
about the product and they have fears about the prospects they
are going to present the opportunity to, because they don’t have
any credibility or their own story yet.
So what they will often do is have the upline get on a threeway call with you, their newest team member, and your potential
customer. The upline leader will then take the stress and fear
Network Marketing Secrets - 17

away from you, and discuss the product and opportunity with
your friend. You introduce the leader, and they tell the story and
then ask for the sale.
They create a “bridge” between you and the product /
opportunity you are offering your friend.
After you work with your upline leader a few times, you are
able to see the process, have your own experiences with the
product, and feel more comfortable telling your stories about
why you believe in the product / company. At this point, you can
create your own bridge between your prospect and the product /
opportunity you are offering them.
Those who grow big teams understand that, by having
someone else help them to create the bridge initially, the new
network marketer can learn the ropes and feel comfortable with
selling, before they have a lot of experience. They get on threeway calls with their new members, help them to close sales, and
guide them to understand the process.
That is how Duplication happens offline by using three-way
calls. It works today, it worked yesterday, and it will continue to
work forever.
When we come online, this process does not change. For
some reason, when people come online, they go crazy trying the
exciting new shiny way to get leads, but if you want those leads
to sign up AND be able to get others to sign up, you need to
follow the fundamentals.
As you will see in Section Three, we replicate this same
process online with a funnel we call the Bridge Funnel.
Network Marketing Secrets - 18

Lost Funnel #2:
Home Party Selling

I still remember the first time my wife told me she was going
to an essential oils home party. As a marketing guy, I was so
excited, I begged her to take me along.
She was so embarrassed that I wanted to go with her, but I
wanted to see the home party in action and see what I could
learn from the process. So we got a babysitter for the kids, and
off we went.
I was the only guy in the room, so I kind of hid in the back
and kept quiet so I wouldn’t raise any extra attention that would
embarrass my wife.
I carefully watched how the demo unfolded and how the
party host transitioned to the sales pitch. There was a powerful
Network Marketing Secrets - 19

atmosphere in the room because the guests were watching the
demos, hanging out with other people who were interested. You
could feel the excitement growing.
This particular host was really nervous and didn’t even sell
all that well, and even though the pitch wasn’t perfect, the host
telling her stories about the essential oils and demonstrating the
products— these actions did most of the selling already.
Home parties work because people are able to experience the
product in a nonpressurized sale setting. There’s also the added
benefit of “FOMO”—the fear of missing out. When people see
others buying, it helps them to buy more as well.
Now the power behind home parties isn’t just the products that
are sold there. The real power comes when the host explains how
she got a bunch of free products for hosting the party and asks
if anyone else would like to host one! They can either do it as a
favor for free products, or they can join the opportunity by hosting
themselves, and the host would help them run their first party.
This is how one party turns into four or five other ones. This is
how Duplication happens with home parties.
Once again, for some reason when people go online, they
forget the tried and true principles they’ve used to grow their
company offline. In fact, the first time I ever saw true Duplication
online was when I created a Home Party Funnel. (I’ll explain how
it works in Section Three, but I want to share the results we got
from it here.)
I used the Home Party Funnel to help generate over 1.5
million leads in a new company in just six weeks...and grew my
Network Marketing Secrets - 20

own personal leg to the third largest in the company during that
time!
Unlike real-life home parties, the Home Party Funnel can
actually keep the party going, even after the live event ends.
We’ll dig more into this in a bit.

Lost Funnel #3:
The Hotel Meeting

The very first hotel meeting I went to, I was invited by a friend.
My friend basically said to me, “Hey, I went to this meeting
the other day. This guy is making crazy money, and he’s doing
Network Marketing Secrets - 21

another presentation tomorrow. Do you want to come?”
I don’t know about you, but for me, the answer to that
question is always YES!
When I arrived, there were about 40–50 people in the room.
My friend told me that the previous week there had only been
about 10 people, but since each person had brought a few
friends, the group was growing quickly.
Sure enough, the presenter did a great job on stage. He
sold the product and he sold the opportunity. But then he did
something special, which was the reason he ended up building
the largest team inside his company, eventually making millions.
He told those who signed up at the end of the presentation
that he was going to be back the following week giving this
same presentation, and if they wanted him to close their friends
for them, they needed to bring them to that meeting.
So simple, so powerful. That last step is how he created the
Duplication that grew his team.
The next week, there were 75 people in the room. Then 150.
Within a very short time period, he was hosting weekly meetings
with 400–500 people.

The Hotel Meeting
Funnel is designed to...
• Introduce prospects to the product
• Create the opportunity to make money
Network Marketing Secrets - 22

• Show how they can grow their own
teams by bringing people to the
meetings
This triple punch is powerful because the presentation is
usually done by someone who has experienced some level of
success in the company, you can relate to the story, and you want
it to be your story, too.
This type of selling is designed to recruit NEW LEADERS, not
just product lovers.
When we pull this model onto the internet and into funnel
world, we call this the Hotel Meeting Funnel.

Who are you talking to?
With each of these scenarios, you’re talking to someone—a
person who may be interested in the product or who’s interested
in the business opportunity. How do you figure out who to talk to
and in what funnel?
People ask me all the time, “Do I make a funnel to sell more
stuff, or to fill my downline, or what?”
You can do both.

Here’s what I
discovered works best...

Network Marketing Secrets - 23

Secret Three:
Your Two Dream Clients

Unlike most businesses who sell to one specific type of
customer, when you join a network marketing opportunity, you
actually have TWO.
Yes, you have two completely different types of customers.
This doesn’t mean they can’t be the same person, or start as one
type and become the second type. But here’s a quick picture of
your two dream client types. (And in a minute, I’ll explain why
understanding this is so important to not messing up your funnel.)

Network Marketing Secrets - 24

The “I Love This Product”
People vs. The “I Love
Selling Stuff” People

Suzy + John

The “I love this product” people
are all about the product.
They come to the party. They see the product. They get
excited. They want to lose more weight or have more energy,
and get so excited about the product. They want the results and
transformation the product brings to their lives.
Network Marketing Secrets - 25

Karen + Steve

The “I love selling stuff” people
are the business builder types
who want to sell.
These people don’t really care as much about the product.
They just love to sell stuff. They want to make sure the product is
good, but it’s more important that the product sells well because
they just want to sell, sell, sell.
In marketing, we call this an ideal customer avatar. Two
different customers with two different motivations. Suzy and
Network Marketing Secrets - 26

John are motivated by the results the products give. They don’t
really want to be entrepreneurs. Karen and Steve on the other
hand are probably not as interested in the product results, but
will jump at the chance to make more money!
I know what you’re thinking:
“Well, I actually know people like Suzy and John, and they buy
the product and love it so much, they start telling friends about
it, and then THEY start selling it!”
I know! It’s awesome, right? And this is really possible, too.
You can absolutely leverage this reality, but you have to do it
strategically.

What to Lead
With in Your Funnel
When you create one of the three lost funnels—a Bridge
Funnel, a Home Party Funnel, or a Hotel Meeting Funnel—you
must always be speaking to just ONE of your dream clients, not
both at the same time.
We can’t confuse TWO sales messages in our campaigns
because they get diluted. We can hint at it (and I’ll show you
how), but a confused buyer doesn’t buy.
Your funnel either needs to lead with the product, and then
during your presentation you introduce the opportunity (use this
model if you are more like Suzy and John above), or your funnel
leads with the opportunity, and then during your presentation
you introduce the products (use this model if you are more like
Network Marketing Secrets - 27

Karen and Steve).
This way, you ascend someone from the product to the
opportunity, or from the opportunity to the product.
The real power of the internet comes when you build a funnel
to attract each of your dream clients. You have one funnel to
bring in people who will become passionate about the product,
and then you have another one to bring in builders and leaders
to grow your team.
But to begin with, just create one. Master one, learn how to
drive traffic to one.

Network Marketing Secrets - 28

The THING You Must Master
For Effective Online Funnels
Now that you can see the three core real-life selling scenarios
that match up to the lost funnels, we’re going to dig in and go stepby-step to show you how to build them online...within minutes.
But here’s a warning: There is ONE thing you must master
in order to ensure that every funnel you set up is profitable. It
doesn’t matter which funnel you choose first, but all three of
them must have this dialed in, or this system doesn’t work.
This is where most people mess up. They follow up to this
point, they understand the real-life selling and how it should be
replicated online, but then they fail to complete this next part.
So don’t skip it!
It’s called the Viral Loop.
The Viral Loop is a selling sequence that occurs in each of the
three lost funnels, and guarantees you’re hitting all the points
you need to hit in order to make a sale. The Viral Loop has four
key components:

• Epiphany Bridge
• Demo
• Call to Action
• Duplication

Let’s examine each
of these in detail...
Network Marketing Secrets - 29

Section #2

The Viral
Loop

Network Marketing Secrets - 30

Secret #4:
The Epiphany Bridge:
How to Sell
Without Selling

The Viral Loop is the key to not only selling someone on your
network marketing opportunity, but also to getting those you
recruit to create Duplication that will grow your downline.
Inside this section, we will walk through the four phases of
the Viral Loop. The first phase is a concept we call the Epiphany
Bridge Script.
The first time I shared this concept with anyone, I was
speaking to the top leadership team at an annual event for a
well-known network marketing company.
But before I went in to the event, I stood in the lobby
watching some of the distributors who were waiting for the
Network Marketing Secrets - 31

meeting to start. They were trying to prospect people in the
lobby. You could tell they were die-hard fans of their respective
network marketing companies, because they were covered in
swag and carrying samples of their products, and had their sales
pitches memorized.
I watched them try to talk to these new people, and many
of them were committing the #1 sin of selling...without even
realizing it. The victims...er...prospects looked scared and unsure,
and some of them were even running away!
So what were these distributors doing?
They were logically trying to convince these prospects that
their network marketing opportunity was the best. They shared
the science behind why their products were better than their
competitors. They talked about the research, the science, the
ingredients, and more.
Although they thought they were selling, all they were really
doing was spewing onto unsuspecting prospects what we call
“technobabble.”
My good friend Kim Klaver wrote a book called If My
Product’s So Great, How Come I Can’t Sell It? She has a chapter
in there all about technobabble and how it is the #1 killer of sales
for network marketers.
As I walked into the room, ready to give my presentation, I
stopped and looked out over the crowd. In this room were the
top 120 distributors, the top network marketers in the company.
Yet many of them were the same people I had seen in the lobby
spewing out technobabble.
Network Marketing Secrets - 32

I knew they needed something completely different from
what I had prepared. They needed to understand that people
do not buy based on logic. They buy based on emotion. And to
get that emotion, they needed to understand a concept I call the
Epiphany Bridge.
I asked the group, “Why did you join this network marketing
opportunity?”
Hands instantly shot up.
Some told me about the science, others said they joined
because of the new technology that had created their products.
After listening to them for a few minutes, I stopped them,
and told them they had all lied to me. As they sat, shocked and
silenced, I then explained that none of them had joined this
opportunity for any of those reasons.
However, each of them had a story, something that had
caused them to join their company. They’d had an emotional
experience. Then after they had that emotional experience, after
they were emotionally sold, then they had started to geek out on
Network Marketing Secrets - 33

their product. They studied the science behind it, they found out
why their ingredients were better, and they tried to figure out
how to logically justify their sales.
And then, the worst thing happened. They took all of that
logic (which had NOT convinced them to join this network
marketing opportunity) and used it to try to convince other
people to join them.
People do not buy things based on logic; they buy based
on emotion, then try to justify their purchase logically. If you
then take that logic and try to use it as your sales tool, you will
struggle as a network marketer.
When you tell your story about how you emotionally fell in
love with the product or the opportunity, they will connect with
that, and then they will logically convince themselves later. But
the key is explaining your epiphany about why you fell in love
with the product.
I then asked the distributors about the real reasons they had
joined this network marketing opportunity. One by one, they

Network Marketing Secrets - 34

started telling these incredible stories. Stories with emotion,
meaning, and aha moments. I drew a little picture of the
Epiphany Bridge on the whiteboard, and I started to explain
what this script is and why it’s so effective.

The Epiphany
Bridge Script
So many people FORGET what it felt like before they got ahold
of the information that changed their lives. But you can’t forget
that, because it was that journey that led you to the product you’re
selling. The Epiphany Bridge Script helps your prospect go down
that journey too so they can feel that moment of “Aha!”
This concept is SO important, I dedicated an ENTIRE chapter
to it in my book, Expert Secrets. You can pick up a free copy of
Expert Secrets here.
The key to your sales success isn’t about becoming an
amazing salesperson, it’s about telling your story in a way so
people have the same epiphany you had. When they do have
that same epiphany you had, they will sign up, just like you did.
Some people struggle at telling stories, so inside Expert
Secrets, I actually show you the script we use to tell our Epiphany
Bridge stories. I go into a lot more detail in the book, but I wanted
to give it to you now, so you have it as a tool to use every day.

Network Marketing Secrets - 35

This is what the script looks like:

To walk you through the steps of this script, all you need to
do is answer the questions below, and you’ll tell your story in
the correct sequence. To practice, have someone ask you the
questions, then you give them the answers. Eventually you can
take away the questions and just tell the answers, and this will
create the perfect Epiphany Bridge Story.

Here are the questions:
• Backstory: What is your backstory that gives us a
vested interest in your journey?

• Desire: What did you want to accomplish?
• External: What external struggle were you dealing with?
• Internal: What internal struggle were you dealing with?
Network Marketing Secrets - 36

• Wall: What wall or problem did you hit within your
current opportunity to start you on this new journey?

• Epiphany: What was the epiphany you experienced
and the new opportunity you discovered?

• Plan: What plan did you create to achieve your desire?
• Conflict: What conflict did you experience along the way?
• Achievement: What was the end result you
achieved?

• Transformation: What transformation did you
experience?
It sounds complicated, but it’s really not. Again, if you want
to learn about this in more detail, please get a free copy of my
book Expert Secrets here. And you can use it for little or big
epiphanies. In fact, inside this report, I’ve told you multiple
Epiphany Bridge stories already!
You’ll be using the Epiphany Bridge Script to explain to
people why you are involved in your network marketing
opportunity in every single funnel and marketing effort you
put out, that’s just how important it is. It’s the easiest way to sell
without actually selling. It’s the first step in the Viral Loop.

Network Marketing Secrets - 37

Secret Five:
The Demo

The second step of the Viral Loop is the demo.
In this stage, you’re showing the prospect the product you
sell inside your network marketing company. If a picture is
worth 1,000 words, a live demo is worth 10,000 or more! There’s
nothing quite like seeing and experiencing the product, and
being able to ask questions of the seller.
In traditional offline marketing, you can let them sample the
product, feel it, use it. Online it’s harder, but you still need to
Network Marketing Secrets - 38

do a demo of the product. The goal of the demo is to crush any
objections the customer may have after hearing your Epiphany
Bridge Story.
I learned what to say during a product demo from Billy
Mays, one of the great infomercial kings of our time. He made
hundreds of brands famous. I watched his commercials over and
over to learn from him, and noticed some patterns that are really
important to follow during the demo.
Here are a few of the powerful things you should include in
your product demo.

After introducing the product, the first thing you should do
during a demo is something I call Faster and Easier. You’ll want
to find competing products or alternatives to what you’re selling,
Network Marketing Secrets - 39

and show how YOUR product is the faster or the easier choice.
Next, you want to make sure that during the Faster and Easier
discussion, you’ve eliminated all the alternatives as options. If you
haven’t, try to figure out the unique selling point of your product
that makes none of the competing products look appealing
anymore. I call this Eliminating Alternatives in the demo.
Remember, you can just talk about this as you’re demo-ing the
product (making the shake, using the oil, cutting food with the
knife, etc.).
Next, at some point in the demo, you want to Introduce the
Price of the product. For example, if your oils are $25 a bottle, you
could say something like:
“So these oils are $25 a bottle, but remember that one visit to
the doctor and pharmacist can cost you $500 or more! With that
kind of money, you could get 20 bottles and they would last you
5 years...for just the cost of one doctor’s visit.”
When your pricing is introduced, find something to compare
or anchor it to.
Next, work in Urgency and Scarcity. Do you have any limited
inventory or limited offers? If you’re doing a party or a meeting,
you can end the offer at the close of the meeting. Give people a
reason to act NOW rather than later.
Then it’s time for Risk Reversal. Explain your guarantee. Can
they try it for 30 days and get a refund if they don’t like it? I know
people are scared of refunds, but they actually HELP people buy,
because it takes the risk off of them and puts it on you. So during
your demo, make sure to mention a guarantee that reverses the
Network Marketing Secrets - 40

risk for the buyer.
There is one part we haven’t discussed yet, the big circle in the
middle: the Call to Action (CTA). That’s the third critical piece of
the Viral Loop, which we’ll discuss next.

Secret Six:
The Call to Action (CTA)

The Call to Action is the part that can make people nervous,
but it is really easy when you do it right. It’s where you ask for
money in exchange for the product they are buying and close the
sale. It’s the step-by-step instructions that get interested buyers
to the “finish line”.
The funny thing is that the CTA for any network marketer is
where most people get nervous. The first home party I attended,
Network Marketing Secrets - 41

the woman who was selling did an AMAZING job with the demo,
but when it came time for the pitch, she just froze. It was so
awkward and uncomfortable. Don’t do that!
One of the easiest ways to transition into a Call to Action is
to transition by asking for permission. Yes, I actually ask them
whether it’s okay for me to sell them something. When they say
yes (and they always do), all nerves and awkwardness instantly
disappear.
“So you’ve heard and seen how this product has helped me
(Epiphany Bridge), and I’ve just shown you here how it can help
you (the demo), so I’ve put together a very special offer for you
so you can have the same benefits I’ve had, and I’d like to go over
them for a few minutes. Is that okay?”
When you tie back in your story and the demo and then ask a
question, most people (if not all), will happily say yes (either out
loud or in their heads). And they’ve just given you permission to
give them an offer and a direct Call to Action.
The CTA should be clear and direct. Tell people what to do.
Even things that seem completely obvious to you, say them
anyway. You need to be VERY clear and direct about exactly what
they need to do.
“To get this very special offer, contact the person who
referred you to this webinar today. Tell them you want to get the
__________ offer, and they will get you signed up right away.”
As you will see in Secret Seven, there will be others sending
people into your funnels, so you can’t just send them directly to
your signup link, or you will lose out on the Duplication. You will
Network Marketing Secrets - 42

be sending people back to talk to the person who referred them
to see the demo.
The Call to Action should be given multiple times. As seen in
the diagram above, you alternate between your demo script and
a CTA. This way, they hear the instructions multiple times and in
multiple different ways.

Secret Seven:
The Ultimate Network
Marketing Secret:
Duplication

Lastly, we come to Duplication. Just a bit ago, I mentioned
the importance of using the Epiphany Bridge stories to build
trust, doing a product demo, and then giving them a clear CTA
Network Marketing Secrets - 43

to close the sale. But there’s one more step, and it’s how to avoid
becoming the homeless man with a Ferrari.
The key to making real money in your network marketing
opportunity is Duplication.
Duplication happens when the people you get signed up for
your network marketing opportunity start to refer others. This is
the key to success.
The commissions for most network marketing companies on
straight product sales isn’t very high, so it’s essential you help
those who you recruit so they are able to recruit as well.
The reason I LOVE network marketing so much is because you
aren’t just paid by being the best at closing sales. You get paid
by being the best at helping OTHERS to close sales. Developing
others is how you get paid the big bucks. It’s the most pure form
of entrepreneurship I know of.
So how do you do that?
The key is understanding what people who mastered the three
lost funnels offline do.
In the Bridge Funnel we shared in Secret Two, the person who
recruits you doesn’t just leave you alone. He or she then gets on
the phone with you and does the next dozen sales with you, then
trains you on how to do that with those you bring in!
In the Home Party Funnel, when the party's over, the host
invites people to have parties at their homes, and she’ll come
and facilitate the party for you to teach you how to do it, so you
can then start hosting parties for yourself (and for those who
you recruit)!
Network Marketing Secrets - 44

In the Hotel Meeting Funnel, when the presentation is over,
the presenter invites those who signed up to bring their friends
to the following week's meeting so he can help get them signed
up as well. The Hotel Meeting Funnel, we see this Duplication
system working because the presenter does the work FOR the
new distributors. All they have to do is bring some friends and
their team builds effortlessly.
They’ve created a system for Duplication.
If we list it out as levels, it looks like this: Level #1 is where you
sign people up directly, Level #2 is where you ask them to bring
people into your funnel and you presell for them, and then Level
#3 is where you show them how to replicate what you’ve done
with others.
When you are running any of the three funnels we’ll be
breaking down in the next section, the process to achieve
Duplication is simple.

Network Marketing Secrets - 45

Level #1 > Sign the person up!

We’ve already gone through this in Secrets Four, Five, and Six.
Use your Epiphany Bridge, Demo, and Call to Action to get them
signed up for your product or opportunity.

Level #2 (first level of
Duplication) > Have your people
send others into your funnel.
If you are using the Bridge Funnel, after you sign up a new
recruit, simply tell them, “Bring people into this funnel. It will
convert them for you, and you’ll get paid!”
Network Marketing Secrets - 46

If you are using the Home Party Funnel, after you sign up a
new recruit, simply tell them,“Bring people into this funnel. It will
convert them for you, and you’ll get paid!”
If you are using the Hotel Meeting Funnel, after you sign up a
new recruit, simply tell them, “Bring people into this funnel. It will
convert them for you, and you’ll get paid!”

Level #3 (second level of
Duplication) > Share your
funnel, and let them tell their
own Epiphany Bridge Story.
After they have had success sending people into your funnels,
Network Marketing Secrets - 47

often times people will want to set up their own funnels and tell
their own Epiphany Bridge stories.
Normally this process is pretty complicated, but if you are using
ClickFunnels for your funnels, you can literally just send them
what we call a “share funnel” link. When they click on that link, it
will copy your funnel into their account! Then they can just go into
the funnel and replace your videos with theirs. It’s very simple.
In fact, at the end of this article, I will give you links for my
three share funnels! You can click a button and within seconds
you will be inside your ClickFunnels account. Then you just need
to edit the pages and plug in your videos.
ClickFunnels makes all of this tons easier than any other tool,
but more on that in a bit.
Okay, so now we’re going to go into the mechanics of each
Network Marketing Secrets - 48

type of funnel and EXACTLY how to set it all up, but first make
sure you’ve mastered the Viral Loop.
1. Use Epiphany Bridge Scripts to sell without actually
selling.
2. Use the Billy Mays Script during your Demo to crush
objections about the price and product.
3. Transition to a Call to Action with a question that gives
you permission to sell.
4. Leverage the three levels of Duplication to find those
first people on your team to do the job of building out
your downline. Show them how to invite their friends so
replication happens quickly and, when they are ready, let
them tell their own Epiphany Bridge stories in their own
funnels!

Network Marketing Secrets - 49

Section #3

DIGGING IN:
THE THREE
LOST
FUNNELS

Network Marketing Secrets - 50

Secret Eight:
Digging Into the
Mechanics of the
Three Lost Funnels

Okay, just to recap, here’s where we’re at.

• In Secret #1, we talked about the four phases of the
average network marketer and why you must get OUT of
that process and into a system that mimics what the top
earners do instead.

• In Secret #2, we looked more closely at the three lost
funnels and the selling scenario that happens in real life
with each one that we will replicate online with our funnels.
Network Marketing Secrets - 51

• In Secret #3, we covered the two types of people
who will come into your opportunity and how to position
your funnel to attract each type.

• In Secret #4, we looked at the first step of the Viral
Loop sequence, the Epiphany Bridge Script. We learned
that we must KILL technobabble and use stories to help our
prospects have aha moments that will inspire action.

• In Secret #5, we went to the second step of the Viral
Loop, the demo. During the demo, it’s important to crush
objections while showing the product at the same time.

• In Secret #6, we transitioned to the third step of the
Viral Loop, the Call to Action. This is where you take the
prospect’s hand, tell them exactly what to do, and walk
them step-by-step through the checkout process.

• In Secret #7, we looked at the last step of the Viral
Loop, the power of Duplication. Duplication is getting
those you bring into your network marketing opportunity
to pull others into those same funnels as well.
The next three secrets will focus on the mechanics of the
three lost funnels, how to build them, and plug ANY opportunity
into them within just a few minutes.
One last thing—I want to make sure we’re on the same page
about what a sales funnel actually is.

What is a sales funnel, really?
Network Marketing Secrets - 52

It’s not cake or a kitchen tool. It’s a term online marketers use
to describe a series of web pages and emails. Yep, that’s it—web
pages and emails. What makes a funnel different from a website
is that the emails and web pages are ordered in such a way that
they create a path for your customer so they are more likely to do
WHAT YOU WANT. So rather than building a website where you
land on a page and have 8,500,000 choices, a funnel orders the
pages in steps.
Step One > Go here and click this.
Step Two > Go here and click this.
Step Three > Go here and buy this.
The emails in a sales funnel are messages sent to keep people
on track, because guess what—even when you give people
step-by-step instructions, some will still veer off course and need
to be reminded and encouraged to get back on the path. That’s
what the emails do!
Now if sales funnels are simply a series of interconnected
web pages and emails, what about all that talk you hear about
webinars and one time offers (OTO’s) and squeeze pages and
carts? They are just fancy names for the TYPE of webpage it is.
It’s like knives. You have the chef’s knife, bread knife, steak
knife, etc. They are all sharp objects that could get the job done
right? But we label them to describe what they are best used for.
It’s the same with a funnel.

• The squeeze page is where you SQUEEZE out an
email address from someone by using curiosity.
Network Marketing Secrets - 53

• An OTO page is a one-time-only offer you show your
customer after they’ve purchased something.

• A webinar page either shows a live or prerecorded
class that builds trust and sells your product.
In the next few chapters, we’re going to go into detail about
how to easily create each of these funnels, without needing to
know code, graphic design, or anything complicated.
We’re going to do this with a tool called ClickFunnels, which
achieves in 30 minutes what used to take me 3 months, a whole
team, and thousands of dollars.
I remember when I would get a great idea for a new
marketing campaign. I would get so excited and then, just as
quickly, so depressed. Why? Because I knew it would take a huge
team of people to pull it off. I’d need designers and coders and,
like, three months.
Who has time for that? Not me!
That’s why I created ClickFunnels. (More on that later.) We’re
going to tackle all of those problems in one fell swoop—easily
and without a lot of pain, I promise.

Network Marketing Secrets - 54

Secret Nine:
Digging Into The
Bridge Funnel

Overview
The Bridge Funnel is a way for you to act as the bridge
between the prospect and the company you represent. The
Bridge Funnel mimics the three-way meeting and ensures that
your prospect will walk through the process all the way to the
sale, and not get lost or confused along the way.
The most important part of this entire funnel is you telling your
Epiphany Bridge Story when you go through the Viral Loop. Be
sure to review the Viral Loop so you make sure you cover all the
important points. It’s what really drives the emotion in the prospect
and highlights the results they want to get from the product.
The only thing left to do in this funnel is to offer the product
and walk them through how to actually get it. This way, they
Network Marketing Secrets - 55

won’t be confused by the checkout system or cart that the
company uses.
So now that you know the purpose of the Bridge Funnel, it’s
time to build it!

The Step-by-Step Instructions
The Bridge Funnel has two pages you create, and then one
page you direct them to (the company product page).

Page One: Hook ’em with curiosity.
The first page takes about three minutes to set up. (Or just
one minute if you grab my free funnel template at the end of this
article!) This page is all about curiosity. There are only two things
you need to know about your prospect:

• What they desire most
• What pain they want to avoid
Network Marketing Secrets - 56

Then you simply create a headline using this format: “How to
[what they desire most] without [the pain they want to avoid].”
In our example, the headline might read...

How to ace all your exams at school
without losing focus or getting
distracted during study time

Add that to the page along with a tagline that reads “This works
even if you hate __________ [something else they may dread
doing when trying to get the result they desire most].”
You’re then going to create a form for them to input their
email. From there, they will click a button to access page two of
your funnel.
You might be wondering why this page is necessary.
Remember the job of the emails in the funnel? Once you have
their email address, you will be able to email them and help them
REMEMBER you, your cool offers, and the way you can better their
lives. Having their email gives you the ability to follow up. So think
of Page One like the gatekeeper to your real offer.

Network Marketing Secrets - 57

Page Two: The Viral Loop Sequence
Video with your Epiphany Bridge Story,
Demo, and Call to Action
Page Two is simple to set up as well. It contains a video
element and a button. That’s it! Most of your effort here will be to
create a powerful video script that covers everything outlined in
the Viral Loop sequence.
Here’s how it works, depending on the level of Duplication
you’re using.
Level #1: If you are the only person using this funnel, then the
Call to Action (CTA) at the end of the video is to click on a button
to go to the corporate website through your distributor link to
sign up. I HIGHLY recommend in that video actually showing
them the order form and how to fill it out so they don’t get
confused when they click and are taken to the corporate “antisales” department.
Level #2: If others are sending people into this funnel, you
can’t just link to the order form through your distributor link,
because then you would be signing up their visitors. So instead
the CTA in your video should tell them to get back in contact with
the person who sent them into the funnel. That way they can
follow up by sending them their distributor ID.

Network Marketing Secrets - 58

Level #3: The third option is to use a share funnel link for the
funnel you’ve created, and allow others to copy your funnel into
their accounts, keep your video (or create their own videos),
and then change the link in the button to point to their own
distributor links. That way, they get credit for each person they
sign up.

Secret Ten:
Digging Into the
Home Party Funnel

Overview
The Home Party Funnel is one of my favorite funnels for
network marketing. It does a lot of the same things as the Bridge
Funnel, but with more fun and fanfare. We want to bring that
party/hangout feel online and create a lot of sales within a short
Network Marketing Secrets - 59

period of time. Not only that, we also want our parties to continue
making sales after they have ended.
The actual funnel setup is only three pages. You’ll set up an
event invite page, then a thank-you confirmation page, and
finally the hangout/party page.
So let’s dive into the Home Party Funnel step-by-step.

The Step-by-Step
Instructions
The Home Party Funnel has three pages, and then you send
people to your company’s sales page.

Network Marketing Secrets - 60

Page One: The Party Invite Page
The first page should have a great headline, tagline, picture,
and description, as well as time, date, and input fields for your
party. Make sure the button has a clear Call to Action like “Reserve
my ticket to the __________ party.”
Here are a few ways to create more bait on the page:
•

Add a timer. This creates a sense of buzz and excitement.

•

Hint at a giveaway. Perhaps everyone who attends live
enters a drawing of some kind.

You’ll do this party multiple times, so after the party ends,
schedule the next one right on the same page, and just update
the date and time.

Page Two: The Confirmation Ticket Page
Once they’ve registered, they will see a simple page with
words like “You’re registered” or “Invite a friend” and then have
social media share buttons. If you run a Facebook group or
Instagram account, you can encourage them to check you out
over there between then and when the party begins.
Since you’ve collected their email address, it’s good if you
can write a few emails with reminders and the link to the party
hangout page. People need regular reminders, so consider an
Network Marketing Secrets - 61

email sequence that includes the following:
•

Confirmation Email

•

Day-Before Email

•

One-Hour-Before Email

•

Party’s Live Email

Page Three: The Party Hangout Page
The party hangout page needs to have three main sections.
The first section will have the headline, date, and time. The
second section will have the live stream where you will be hosting
the event. The third section will include images and buttons of
the products you’re featuring, with your distributor links to the
company website where they can purchase the products and
join the opportunity. You can also add a comment section where
people can ask questions and give live feedback.
Now, imagine this hangout is just like a home party. You are
going to be using all of the steps in the Viral Loop, but instead
of just a video like you have in the Bridge Funnel, this is actually
a LIVE event that people register for, and then have a chance to
come and participate in! And as I’ll show you below, if they miss
the live stream, they can instantly see a recorded replay until the
next live event starts! I’m going to take you through my tips for
live streaming a party, and after a few tries, you’ll be a pro, too.

Network Marketing Secrets - 62

How to Live Stream a Party
You’ll need live-streaming software, but the easiest one to use
is FREE. It’s called YouTube Live. Simply sign up for a YouTube
account, then click on Events and Enable Live Streaming.
Once that’s done, you’ll go into YouTube and create an
event. Just input the time and date, give it a title, and click Save.
YouTube will give you a unique link. When you paste that link in
the video element on the ClickFunnels page, it will automatically
create a live stream. And if you’re not live yet, it’ll show a
countdown timer.
Just like a live home party, you’ll want to pick the products
that are the most interesting, popular, and easy to demo. If
you need some extra personality to keep your product demos
interesting, you can invite friends or other team members onto
the party live stream for fun banter and questions and answers.
YouTube Live allows up to nine people in a hangout. Unlimited
numbers of people can watch.
On the day of the party, you’ll want to have a few things set
up. First, your products. Whether it’s your home office, kitchen,
or living room, make sure you have decent lighting and space to
demo the products.
Next, be sure to plug your computer directly into your router
or modem, and shut down any nonessential programs. You’ll
want to sign in to YouTube Live about an hour before the event,
and click on the START button. This will NOT start the event, but it
will open up the software that allows you to broadcast.
Network Marketing Secrets - 63

Once inside the software, you can use tools like the Lower
third to put your name and tagline, or even some of the fun hat
and party effects. Click on the little person with the plus sign “To
invite others...” into the party hangout room. You can have up
to nine people on camera, and these people will be inside the
hangout, not simply watching the live stream. It’s good to get
everyone inside within 15 minutes of starting so you can test
microphones and cameras.
When it’s time for the party to start, you’ll hit the START
BROADCAST button. At that point, you are live! That means
everyone who has the party page link will be able to see you
(and up to nine of your friends) live.

How to Keep the
Party Going After it Ends
As you get used to these parties, you’ll be able to do them
weekly. Once your party is done, you can send a few follow-up
emails to the registrants, so if they missed the live broadcast or
want to watch it again, they can watch the replay. (YouTube Live
just leaves the video up, so the party hangout page instantly
becomes a replay page once it’s done.)
Then simply switch out the date and time on the registration
page to the next party. What happens is you have an ongoing
stream of people watching the replay, a surge of people
watching it live, and new registrants signing up each week. (We’ll
get to traffic after discussing the last of the three lost funnels.)
Network Marketing Secrets - 64

How to Make This Funnel
Duplicate and Go Viral
While the Home Party Funnel works great for selling product,
the real power comes when you get your team promoting it and
you start getting true Duplication.
Level #1: If you are the only person using this funnel, then the
(CTA) at the end of the home party is to click on the button to go
to the corporate website through your distributor link to sign up.
I HIGHLY recommend in that video actually showing them the
order form and how to fill it out so they don’t get confused when
they click and are taken to the corporate “anti-sales” department.
Level #2: If others are sending people into this funnel, you
can’t just link to the order form through your distributor link,
because then you would be signing up their visitors. So instead,
the CTA in your home party should tell them to get back in
contact with the person who sent them into the funnel. That
way, they can follow up by sending them their distributor ID. You
can link to your distributor’s contact forms right underneath the
live stream so it’s one click to get in touch.
Level #3: The third option is to use a share funnel link for the
product funnels you’ve created and allow others to copy your
funnel into their accounts, keep your video (or create their own
videos), and then change the link in the button to point to their
Network Marketing Secrets - 65

own distributor links. That way, they get credit for each person
they sign up. For the home party, you could give out share
funnels for both products so they can recreate the home party
for themselves.

Secret Eleven:
Digging Into the Hotel
Meeting Funnel

Overview
The Hotel Meeting Funnel is the last of our three funnels.
It is actually my favorite of all funnels. I wish I could go into
more detail here about all the ways you could write your script,
structure your follow-up sequences and more, but it’s outside
the scope of this article.
However, I wrote an entire book teaching how to do webinar
funnels, and you can get a free copy at www.ExpertSecrets.com.
Network Marketing Secrets - 66

Before you geek out and try to optimize this funnel, I’ll give
you the blueprint you need to get one started fast.
As with the other two funnels, the actual funnel setup is three
pages. You’ll set up a registration page, then a countdown page,
and finally, the webinar page. This funnel can be used live or
prerecorded (so it works while you sleep).
So let’s dive into the Hotel Meeting Funnel step-by-step.

The Step-by-Step Instructions

Page One: The Registration Page
The registration page is nearly IDENTICAL to the one for the
Home Party Funnel. It includes a headline, tagline, input fields,
time, and date. If you’re running the Hotel Meeting Funnel on
autopilot, it’ll allow the viewer to choose a date to attend the
virtual meeting, or they can choose to watch a replay—perfect
for those who don’t want to wait. If you’re running it live, it will
Network Marketing Secrets - 67

have the future date and time just like the Home Party Funnel.
Underneath the signup, you’ll want to add three main bullets:
the THREE SECRETS you’re going to unpack in the workshop.
If you’re not sure what kind of headline or secrets to use on
the registration page, grab a copy of Expert Secrets, which details
exactly how to write and script a webinar and registration page.

Page Two: The Countdown Page
This is, again, just like the Home Party Funnel thank-you page,
but here we call it a countdown page.
Once they’ve registered, they will come to a simple page
with words like “You’re registered” or “Invite a friend” with social
media share buttons. If you run a Facebook group or Instagram
account, you can encourage them to check you out over there
between then and when the party begins.
Since you’ve collected their email address, it’s good to write
a few emails with reminders and the link to the party hangout
page. People need regular reminders so consider an email
sequence that includes the following:
•

Confirmation Email

•

Day-Before Email

•

One-Hour-Before Email

Network Marketing Secrets - 68

Page Three: The Webinar Page
The webinar page doesn’t have much on it except the
workshop title, the video element where your recording will go,
and a button that leads to a form, email address, or other contact
info. In ClickFunnels, you can create a delayed action so the button
doesn’t appear until the moment in your presentation when you
announce it. The same goes for any free gifts you promise to those
who stay until the end. These types of animations encourage
people to watch and not click prematurely.
If you want people to be able to comment, you can also add
a simple Facebook comments element under the video. Just be
sure to check the comments each day to answer any questions.
The instructions above are for recorded webinars that
autoplay. If you’d like to do the presentation live, you can
either use YouTube Live like in the Home Party Funnel and just
make it a more structured presentation, or you can use webinar
software like Zoom or GoToWebinar, and eliminate the webinar
page altogether.
As for what to say on the recording, refer to Section Two, the
Viral Loop. Use the Epiphany Bridge Script, Demo the product
so they can see how great it is to sell, and then the Call to
Action needs to lead them to connect with you and become a
part of the team.

Network Marketing Secrets - 69

How to Make This Funnel
Duplicate and Go Viral
Level #1: If you are the only person using this funnel, then the
(CTA) at the end of the Hotel Meeting Funnel is to click on the
button below the video to sign up for the opportunity. I HIGHLY
recommend in that video actually showing them how to fill it out
so they don’t get confused when they click and are taken to the
corporate “anti-sales” department.
Level #2: If others are sending people into this funnel, you
can’t just link to your own contact form or distributor link,
because then you would be signing up their visitors. So instead,
the CTA should tell them to get back in contact with the person
who sent them into the funnel. That way, they can follow
up by sending them their distributor ID. You can link to your
distributor’s contact forms right underneath the live stream, so
it’s one click to get in touch.
Level #3: The third option is to use a share funnel link for the
product funnels you’ve created, and allow others to copy your
funnel into their accounts, keep your video (or create their own
videos), and then change the link in the button to point to their
own distributor links. That way, they get credit for each person
they sign up. For the Hotel Meeting Funnel, you could give out
share funnels for both products so they can recreate the hotel
meeting for themselves.
Network Marketing Secrets - 70

Section #4

What To
Do Next

Network Marketing Secrets - 71

Secret Twelve:
How To Get Started
RIGHT NOW!

I hope you’re excited and ready to go blow up your business!

Here are the next steps:
We’ve created THREE free premade and customized share
funnels that match the Bridge Funnel, Home Party Funnel, and
the Hotel Meeting Funnel.

• Download the Bridge Funnel Now!
• Download Your Free Home Party
Funnel Now!
Network Marketing Secrets - 72

• Download Your Free Hotel Meeting
Funnel Now!
• Share This Post With Your Network
Marketing Friends
When you download the funnels, if you don’t have a free trial
of ClickFunnels yet, you’ll be asked to set one up. As soon as you
do, the funnel will be loaded into your account, and you can
simply plug in your opportunity and get started!
After your funnel is live, you’ll need to get some traffic into it.
Traffic is a whole other topic, but Secret Thirteen has a few ideas
to get you started.
You’ll also be able to download this report in a PDF format so
you can refer to it again and again.

Secret Thirteen:
How To Fill Your Funnel

Network Marketing Secrets - 73

Once you’ve downloaded the funnels into your ClickFunnels
account and have them set up, it’s time to bring traffic to them.
I wanted to briefly touch on the methods you can use to fill
your funnels. Traffic is the fuel in your funnel. You’ll need a steady
stream of leads each day, opting in, so you always have a new
supply of cash and possible team members. Here are some of the
most popular ways to fill a funnel...

1. Email Signature: Place a link in your email signature
inviting people to your Bridge or Home Party Funnel.

2. Instagram Bio Link: Place a link on your
Instagram profile that gives something away for free.

3. Your Own Facebook Group: Build a free
community around the topics that most interest your
ideal customers.

4. Facebook Ads: This is one the most powerful ways
to grow your business. Run ads to any of your funnels.
(Just be careful about making business claims on your
landing pages.)

5. Other People’s Groups: Some groups allow for
promotional posts and links. You can make great connections
in big groups where your ideal customers hang out.

Network Marketing Secrets - 74

6. Pinterest Pins to Blog Posts: Set up a blog or
a few signature pieces of content and make sure to include
links to your free offers and funnels. Then pin beautiful
images onto Pinterest that lead back to those blog posts.

7. SEO (Search Engine Optimization):
Those same blog posts can also start to generate Google
traffic if you do some keyword research on what people are
searching for online.

8. Guest Posting: If the idea of writing your own blog
feels overwhelming, you can reach out to other bloggers
and offer to write a guest post. Most will allow you to put a
link in your bio, and that can lead into your funnel.

9. Podcasting: Whether you decide to host your own
podcast or just be featured on others, they are a great way
to get the word out about your product.

10. YouTube Channel: For some companies,
YouTube tutorials work really well. They are searchable with
Google, and you can add annotated cards at the end of
your videos that drive people to your offers and funnels.
There’s actually a LOT more to traffic I’d love to share with you
inside a secret bonus chapter of the Network Marketing Secrets
book. I’ll show you how to get free leads into your funnels!
Network Marketing Secrets - 75

Go Get Your Free Copy
Of Network Marketing
Secrets NOW, For Both
You And Your Team!

Go To:

www.NetworkMarketingSecrets.com

I know there’s been a lot of information in this article. Don’t
forget to download your free funnels and a copy of this article,
plus a FREE copy of my book Expert Secrets.
Remember, you’re just one funnel away...

Russell Brunson
Network Marketing Secrets - 76

